docs(common):improvements based on client feedback (#1355)
telerik/blazor-docs: troubleshooting/js-errors.md

### Blazor Autostart

> If removing the `defer` attribute above does not help, you can also try [disabling the automatic client-side initialization of Blazor](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/fundamentals/startup?view=aspnetcore-7.0#initialize-blazor-when-the-document-is-ready).

Reviewer: Are you sure about the possible need to use both techniques?

> If removing the `defer` attribute above does not help, you can also try [disabling the automatic client-side initialization of Blazor](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/fundamentals/startup?view=aspnetcore-7.0#initialize-blazor-when-the-document-is-ready).

Author: ```suggestion
If removing the `defer` attribute above does not help, you can [disablе the automatic client-side initialization of Blazor](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/fundamentals/startup?view=aspnetcore-7.0#initialize-blazor-when-the-document-is-ready).
```
